Add support for specifying process group backend to relevant distributed strategies (#11745)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/accelerators/gpu.rst

By default, Lightning will select the ``nccl`` backend over ``gloo`` when running on GPUs.
Find more information about PyTorch's supported backends `here <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/distributed.html>`__.

> Lightning allows explicitly specifying the backend via the `process_group_backend` constructor argument on the relevant Strategy classes.

Author: ```suggestion
Lightning allows explicitly specifying the backend via the `process_group_backend` constructor argument on the relevant Strategy classes. By default, Lightning will select the appropriate process group backend based on the hardware used.
```

.. code-block:: python

    from pytorch_lightning.strategies import DDPStrategy

>     # Specify the process group backend
>     ddp = DDPStrategy(process_group_backend="gloo")

Author: ```suggestion
    # Explicitly specify the process group backend if you choose to
    ddp = DDPStrategy(process_group_backend="nccl")
```
